# Introduction-to-Deep-Learning-in-Python
Deep learning with Keras 2.0, the latest version of a cutting-edge library for deep learning in Python.

Deep learning is the machine learning technique behind the most exciting capabilities in diverse areas like robotics, natural language processing, image recognition, and artificial intelligence, including the famous AlphaGo. In this course, you'll gain hands-on, practical knowledge of how to use deep learning with Keras 2.0, the latest version of a cutting-edge library for deep learning in Python.

1. Basics of deep learning and neural networks: In first notebook, you'll become familiar with the fundamental concepts and terminology used in deep learning, and understand why deep learning techniques are so powerful today. You'll build simple neural networks and generate predictions with them.

2. Optimizing a neural network with backward propagation: In 2nd notbook, you will Learn how to optimize the predictions generated by your neural networks. You'll use a method called backward propagation, which is one of the most important techniques in deep learning.

3. Building deep learning models with keras: In 3rd notebook, you'll use the Keras library to build deep learning models for both regression and classification. You'll learn about the Specify-Compile-Fit workflow that you can use to make predictions, and by the end of this, you'll have all the tools necessary to build deep neural networks.

4. Learn how to optimize your deep learning models in Keras. Start by learning how to validate your models, then understand the concept of model capacity, and finally, experiment with wider and deeper networks.